[Music]
so I recently sold pretty much
everything that I own let me explain
last month I moved to the city of
Philadelphia with the intentions of
simplifying my life I found that as I
moved from apartment to apartment in the
past few years that I started to really
acquire a lot of stuff and there's
really no other way to put it than just
stuff
multiple blenders slap chops Christmas
gifts that I got from my uncle four
years ago and a number of those as seen
on tv items that are supposed to
simplify your life but I found that as I
moved around and moved into these new
places that having more stuff didn't
necessarily make my life any better and
I noticed that in America especially
where we're so materialistic where we
just keep acquiring thing for one of the
only places in the world where we have
so much stuff to the point where we have
to go and rent storage units somewhere
else to store our great uncle's couch
from the 1930s that will probably never
use so I found that overall as I started
to get more stuff my quality of life
actually started to decrease and it's
not that I've ever had a problem with
the quality of my life I've always been
very happy but I noticed that when I was
getting more my life wasn't getting any
better necessarily and it's difficult to
put a measurement on happiness but I
noticed that as I started to scale back
when I moved into this new apartment
I really had quite an effect on myself
so this is what I really discovered
something called minimalism which is
scaling back the items that you have and
really focusing on the things in life
that do add value to your life so in the
next few minutes I want to show you
around my apartment and I want to show
you some of the things that I did away
with things that I just found that I
don't need that aren't necessary to
improving the quality of my life and
then also some items that bring joy to
my life some things that I find to be
very valuable and useful throughout my
everyday life so let's go do that now
but first I think we should start this
video however
the apartment tour video starts and
that's at the front door so let's go do
that now Oh what's going on so uh I'll
show you around the kitchen a little bit
this is it you know this is pretty much
all we have here the first thing you
might notice is that I don't really have
many appliances and there's a reason for
it you know I noticed that people in
their lives they'll have on their
kitchen counter they'll have a toaster
they'll have a microwave they'll have an
oven they'll have all these different
sources of heating something and I
realize that all you really need is just
a stove so this is a gas stove it's
pretty nice but you know if I want to
heat something up I just use the stove I
don't need a microwave I don't need to
use a toaster to make toast I just use
the pan and it really just works out
pretty well so at some point next week
we'll make a video about how I end up
eating you know thirty to forty dollars
of food per week I'm pretty cost
effective when it comes to making food I
make all of my food at home in this
kitchen and one of the best things about
it is that I keep the counter very very
clear so I don't like having so many
different things on there
and it kind of stresses me out in a way
where I've been in apartments in the
past where there's six people in three
bedrooms and the kitchen counter is
absolutely destroyed there's like raw
chicken everywhere is absolutely
disgusting so I like to keep it very
simple very clear but you'll notice that
okay I do have a couple of things here
like this blender for example but that's
because I use it every single day so
this is something that I can't go
without but then there's other items
like say a coffee pot that I don't
really have any use for now maybe that's
just me being lazy I'm not quite sure
but usually when I make coffee I just
put some coffee grounds into the cup and
drink it like that you just wait for the
coffee grounds to settle I don't know
does that make me weird I'm not sure in
mine a little bit but I don't know
that's what I do alright so let me show
you the living room here you'll notice
that it's pretty simple and you know I
found that there's a lot of things that
I just don't really need but there's
also things that you know I'm willing to
spend less money on and then
items that'll pay more money for so for
example this couch right here as far as
couches go it's relatively inexpensive
this is about $400 for this couch which
if you've ever bought sofas in the past
new you'll know that that's pretty cheap
you can pay a thousand two thousand
dollars for a sofa but honestly it
doesn't really make much of a difference
to me I think it's pretty comfortable
and I'm not very picky about it maybe
that's just cuz I'm 21 years old and
just out of college I don't really care
too much but I'm pretty satisfied with
this purchase and hopefully I'll have it
for the next couple of years but then
you'll notice some things that I will
pay a little bit more money for
something like these speakers over here
which I paid a couple hundred dollars
for and you know some people say what
the hell is going on here you talk about
saving money and then you spend $200 on
speakers but I honestly think that they
really make me happy
I love listening to music that I love
just blasting music in here and they're
pretty thick walls so the neighbors
don't really care too much I think I
don't know I haven't got any reports yet
but this TV you know I do like watching
the news in the morning usually for the
first thirty minutes so I'm eating my
breakfast after I make different types
of food I'll probably put that video out
maybe next week about how I really live
on thirty to forty dollars a week on all
of my groceries so make sure you
subscribe to the channel for that but
this TV I got from my friend he's moving
to LA and he didn't need it anymore and
he gave it to me so that's why I have it
I'd probably would have gotten a smaller
one I think it's kind of a little bit
large it's the only thing that really
doesn't really fit this room very well
that I don't like as much but everything
else I got for a purpose and you know
it's nice to have an extra chair in here
and I guess when have some people over
and I had my little plant friend over
here it's pretty cool alright so let me
show you my room you know I don't have
very much in here a couple reasons for
it I did just move here not too long ago
the only problem with this apartment is
that it's a little bit echoey because I
don't have very much stuff but yeah so
this is the room you know a bed is the
one item that I think is important to
pay quite a bit of money for so I paid
over a thousand dollars for this bed and
some people will say you're crazy what
are you doing that's a lot of money you
talk about saving money right and you're
buying expensive
speakers and mattresses that are $1,000
but I really did this for a purpose
because if you look over here you see
this weird-looking homemade type desk
and that's because I built that desk
when I was 12 years old and I probably
paid $5 in bolts and found the wood
laying around my house so it like I said
earlier it really does come down to
finding the things that do provide you
more value and then this desk I mean
it's just a slab of wood I don't really
carry you know you can buy a thousand
dollar desk and it's still a slab of
wood versus a five dollar desk and it
gets the same thing done I mean I've
made thousands of dollars using that
piece of wood but then this bed I
noticed that when I was in high school I
had some pretty bad back problems and I
didn't understand why that was the case
and I thought maybe those I was thinking
what's wrong with me I'm 16 I had these
back problems turns out I had a bed that
was like 2530 years old probably a
hand-me-down from a great-uncle or
something and it was really bad for me
and that's what ended up messing up my
back so once I got a new mattress paid
more money for it I realized that that's
really really helpful and if you're not
sleeping well then you're not going to
be thinking well and you're probably not
going to be too happy in life you're
gonna be miserable if you have back pain
throughout your day so get good mattress
and it's going to pay off so much you
don't have to spend thousands on it but
get something that's pretty decent
it goes for pillows as well sleep is
incredibly important to make sure that
you get some good sleep so there's a
couple of things I'll show you actually
one of them is this cookie jar the
reason for this it's pretty interesting
it's actually a locking cookie jar
and this little device here has made me
so much money and it's kind of sad that
it's gotten to this point but
essentially what I do is I take my phone
and I think we're all kind of addicted
to our phones in some way one way or
another so what I do when I'm really
trying to be productive I don't do a lot
of work in here maybe we'll do some type
of office tour later on but I put my
phone in here and I lock it up so you
can see the time on there I don't know
if you can see that but we just crank up
the time anyway that's five hours but
I'll usually put in there for a couple
hours and then press the button
counts down from five and then it
totally locked so now I'm not gonna be
able to get my phone out of here even if
I tried I guess I'd have to throw it out
the window but there's no override and
this prevents me from essentially being
addicted my phone you know as much as
we'd like to deny it I think a lot of
people spend too much time on their
phones and it's it's almost to the point
where you get that feeling you start
reaching on your pockets just like where
where's my phone I need to check my
messages maybe that's because I'm
Generation Z I don't think I'm a
millennial it's born in 98 I don't know
what that makes me but yes so that
little cookie jar device really does
helped me a lot in terms of productivity
in my life that's what I'm really about
just optimizing things in my life now
before we actually started filming this
video I did have papers all over the
wall I put a lot of my goals I write
them down sticky notes everywhere you
know some people like paintings in the
room but I like to just kind of throw my
ideas up on the wall with papers but I
took those down you know it's kind of
personal so I don't really want to go
over that entirely but yeah so this is
my room let's go back to the couch just
to kind of summarizing things so let's
talk about some of the benefits of what
I've been doing and why having less
stuff has actually impacted my life in
so many ways other than just simplifying
it I think one of the biggest things
that it really did for me was it ended
up saving me a lot of money we're
talking thousands of dollars now if
you've ever moved into a new apartment
or a new home you'll know that expenses
really add up you might pay $400 for a
carpet you might pay more money for all
these different things that you want to
have these materialistic things and
lamps for a hundred dollars and it
really adds up quite a bit so I found
that by not having all of this stuff I
calculated it out and I found that I
saved at least three or four thousand
dollars by not getting all these
different things so it's much more cost
effective and it's not that I'm cheap
it's not that I don't want to spend the
money it's just that I don't really need
to I don't think it actually improves my
life by spending that much more and with
the money that I saved from not putting
too much stuff in here I can take that
three or four thousand dollars and
I can go spend it on vacations I can go
to Asia for a month I can go over to
Europe I can do a lot of traveling
things that I actually do enjoy instead
of a carpet that's overpriced now I can
also take that money and I can invest it
and I can make that money make me more
money that I can then use the money that
I made from that money to actually buy
furniture with the interest that I made
from it so it's a weird concept but it
really does work in a lot of ways if you
can just kind of hold off on some
purchases so financial reasons is
something that really does have an
impact for myself for this and like I
said I could probably spend thousands of
dollars more on this but I just don't
really want to but another thing that I
did find is that when you're using less
stuff when you have less stuff in your
house it's actually kind of more
environmentally friendly as well I
didn't really think about that until
after the fact and I realized how many
things if you're buying a table and then
you move out of your house or your
apartment a year or two later you end up
throwing it in the dumpster in a lot of
cases or a sofa you throw it away and it
just kind of creates more waste in
society as a whole and I'm not an eco
freak I do like to be eco friendly but
that's just something that I did think
about that I do feel better about it
actually
by doing that it's also much easier to
clean my apartment when I have very few
things I find that it's easy to just get
a broom sweep everything up and I don't
have to worry about moving things around
and when I do move out of this apartment
because I'm 21 and I'm probably gonna be
moving the different cities every couple
of years just to kind of get a different
idea of different cities in America and
maybe throughout the world it's gonna be
so much simpler to get rid of this stuff
or to give it away or to sell it rather
than trying to rent multiple u-hauls to
actually get rid of this stuff so those
are really the things that did affect me
and I feel like I'm so much happier not
to say that I wasn't happy in the first
place so I've always been fairly happy
in my life I've never had any issues
really but I think that I'm just so much
better off right now I really do so if
you enjoyed this video make sure you
drop a like subscribe the channel if you
haven't done so already and really
appreciate all the support we're coming
up on a quarter million subscribers I'm
really excited for that
so thank you and I'll see everybody in
the next video which will be next week
when I'm gonna show you how I end up
spending 30 to 40 dollars per week on
all of my groceries while still getting
the right nutrients so thanks and I'll
see everybody next time
[Music]